You possess an almost supernatural sense of direction, and you always know what direction is north, no matter the circumstances.
You have carefully nurtured social connections. Some of those in your web of connections would go to great lengths to protect you, while others have considerable resources. And some precious few are both. 
Influence
Devotion
You possess an inherent calm and serenity that others have difficulty overcoming when attempting to antagonize or taunt you, and that strengthens you when your honor is tested. 
You possess knowlege and proof of a dark secret held by another, and can use that secret to elicit their cooperation in a number of ways. 
You are extremely unremarkable in every regard, and others have a difficult time recognizing you unless you deliberately draw attention to your identity or affiliations.
Your marriage has been arranged and, much to your delight, you have come to truly love your intended spouse. 
You are descended from a bloodline of Hida Osano-Wo, the Fortune of Fire and Thunder, and his resilience lives on in you. You are immune to any penalties or damage from natural weather conditions, such as winter cold, summer heat, etc. 
For reasons beyond your understanding, you have caught the notice of one of the Oracles, humans suffused with the divine power of the Elemental Dragons. 
You possess a sharp mind and keen powers of perception, making it very difficult for others to deceive you. 
You possess a natural affinity for weapons of all kinds, and can take up even an unfamiliar blade without difficulty in times of stress. 
You have a knack for instinctively knowing how to do things that most people prefer to avoid at all costs. 
You possess a certain quality that makes you all but irresistible to members of the opposite sex, and they succumb easily to your manipulations. 
You have a natural flair for athleticism and a complete lack of self-preservation when it comes to physical damage. 
During a recent court session, you did something that gained the notice of the host, resulting in an instant increase in your importance with all those in attendance. 
Your family sacrificed considerable resources and favors in order to sponsor your entrance into the School of another Clan.
You are much beloved by the kami of a particular element, although you know not why that might be. 
Your spiritual journey toward complete harmony with the universe as a whole has begun to reach its destination. 
As a result of your actions, there are many in the Empire who know your name.
You possess firsthand knowledge of gunpowder, both how to create it and how to use it. You gain one rank in Craft: Explosives, and possess a small pouch of gaijin pepper that you may carry with you if you so choose.
You possess an intricate knowledge of the Gozoku onspiracy against the throne, either in its first or second incarnation, and may in fact be a member of that organization. 
You are intimately familiar with the nature and operations of the blasphemous Kolat order, and may be a member of that organization.
You are familiar with the entity known as the Lying Darkness, its methods, and its minions. You may have come into conflict with it in the past, and perhaps it hunts you still. 
You are familiar with the forbidden and blasphemous magic known as maho, and may in fact be a practicing maho-tsukai (black sorcerer) yourself. 
A particular kami has befriended you, and stays in your vicinity at all times. 
You have studied among your allies at the Brotherhood of Shinsei, and as a result you understand your place in the universe slightly better than most. 
The spirits of a certain Element swirl about you at all times, lending their aid when possible even though you are likely unaware of their presence.
You possess a single piece of equipment that is gaijin in origin, constructed somewhere beyond the boundaries of the Emerald Empire. It may be a weapon from one of the many warrior cultures around Rokugan, such as the Senpet Empire, the overseas kingdoms of Merenae and Thrane, the barbarian Yobanjin tribes to the north, or even the distant Yodotai Empire far to the northwest.
The kharmic cycle has some great purpose in store for you, and the Celestial Order will conspire to keep you alive, no matter what, until your destiny can be fulfilled. 
Within you lies the potential to excel at one particular endeavor, perhaps more so than any other living soul in the Empire. 
Some have a natural talent for unarmed combat, and you are one such individual. 
One Clan has earned your eternal, undying hatred, and nothing will ever quench your rage. 
You have a heart of stone. Attempts to woo you or sway your heart - whether through love, courtesy, compassion, or mercy - fall on deaf ears. 
Although your reputation among your fellow samurai may not be any better than that of the next individual, your actions have garnered the adoration of the common folk. 
There is some greater purpose to which you have devoted your life. This is not a simple matter, but some grand work that will take years or perhaps even the whole of your life to accomplish.
You have been trained as a scribe in the Imperial City, which is both a recognition of your considerable skill at calligraphy and means of ensuring that you remain among the most respected calligraphers hereafter.
Through a careful exchange of favors and resources, your family arranged for you to be married to a minor member of an Imperial family. Your spouse was not of high enough station to warrant you taking an Imperial name, but there are benefits all the same. 
The Fortune of Rice is a lesser Fortune, but nevertheless is among the most revered entities throughout the whole of Rokugan, particularly by the common people of the Empire. 
When you received your gempukku ceremony, your family honored you with an heirloom of your ancestors. It is among your most precious possessions, and you would die before you allowed it to be harmed or brought dishonor to it. 
You have that rarest of gifts, the ability to commune with the Void itself. This gift is similiar in many respects to the ability to speak to the kami, save that there are no naturally occurring kami of the Void; the Void itself is a living thing, both everything and nothing at all once. 
Your destiny is not yours alone, but is bonded to that of another in some fundamental way. You may have been close to this other person during a previous life, or perhaps your destiny in this life will yet be entwined in theirs in some essential manner.
The Empire has only one language with two dialects. The world around Rokugan, however, has a wide variety of nations and cultures, each with their own language. 
You are significantly larger than the average Rokugani, ranging in height from 6'0" to 6'3" in height. 
You have an innate knack for leading and inspiring others in battle. 
Fortune favors the mortal man.
For reasons beyond your understanding, the kami are reluctant to involve themselves with you in any way. 
You are an inhabitant of Naishou Province, a proud and ancient area which has remained dedicated to the worship of the Fortunes through difficult times. 
Compassion - Any time you spend a Void Point to improve a roll made to directly help those lower than you in the Celestial Order, you gain +2k2 instead of +1k1.
Courage - You gain a bonus of +1k1 to the total of any roll made to resist Intimidation or to overcome Fear effects.
Courtesy - Any time you make an Etiquette roll to avoid an embarrassment or breach of honor, you add +2k0 to the roll.
Duty - You may spend a Void Point on any Skill Roll or Spell Casting Roll to negate all TN penalties for that roll, including Wound penalties.
Honesty - On a Sincerity (Honesty) roll, you add a bonus of +1k1. You may add this bonus even if you do not possess the Emphasis, but it would apply in the situation at hand.
Honor - You may add twice your Honor Rank to all rolls to resist Temptation or Intimidation rolls, instead of the normal bonus.
Sincerity - You may add a bonus of +2k0 to all Contested Rolls using Sincerity.
Others find it difficult to perceive your true nature, a fact that benefits you in concealing your sometimes questionable actions. 
You have an incredible ability to recall exactly things you have seen or heard. 
You are a marvel of the dojo, and your sensei believe that you will accomplish incredible things in your lifetime. 
You can react quickly to others, seizing advantage where previously there had been none
Your body mends incredibly quickly, allowing you to recover from even devastating wounds with amazing speed. 
Either through natural ability or incredible patience and practice, you have the ability to understand what others are saying even if you cannot hear them, simply by observing how their lips move. 
You have a love of learning, and have accumulated a staggering amount of information during hte course of your lifetime. 
You are capable of enrapturing the crowd, no matter the circumstances. 
The Fortunate of Romantic Love has showered you with her blessings. 
The Fortune of Strength has taken notice of your might, and has favored you with his blessings. 
The Fortune of Wealth has favored you with his patronage, and you excel in matters pertaining to wealth and mercantile pursuits. 
You have captured the attention, if only briefly, of the Fortune of Honest Work, and his favor is clear to those who serve him best. 
The Fortune of Wisdom favors you above all others, and you reap the benefits of his patronage. 
The Fortune of Contentment finds you a pleasing tribute to his works, and favors you with his sense of serenity and his jovial nature. 
The Fortune of Longevity favors you, and as a result you can expect a long and healthy life. 
You have trained your mind to be nigh-inscrutable to those who surround you. 
You have a natural talent for moving silently at all times. 
You have received an illustrious social appointment, whether through your own accomplishments or purely because of political reasons. 
Your soul soars with the spirit of creativity
In your soul can be found the spirit of the mountains and the strength of stone. You can overcome injuries that would cripple other men. 
You have a mind well suited to the ebb and flow of battle.
You have a voice that others find pleasing in virtually every respect. 
You have a great capacity for drawing upon the strength of the Void as it exists within other elements.
You are constantly on alert, always looking out for the unexpected.
You are intimately familiar with a particular region, having traveled it extensively to the point that you know it as well as the interior of your own house. 
Your branch of the family is particularly wealthy, and they have granted you additional resources in order to facilitate your fulfillment of your dury. 
Chikushudo: You gain a bonus of +1k1 on all Animal Handling rolls.
Gaki-do: When you resolve an attack that kills an opponent, you immediately regain 5 Wounds.
Jigoku: You may add your Taint Rank to any attack roll and any Skill Roll or Trait roll that uses a Physical Trait. If you are Lost, you add twice your Taint Rank rather than your normal bonus. You may not take this Advantage unless you possess the Shadowlands Taint.
Maigo no Musha: When you are awarded Glory in an amount greater than 3 points, you receive one additional point.
Meido: You gain a bonus of +2k0 to Contested Rolls versus attempts to manipulate you in social interactions, such as use of the Courtier Skill.
Sakkaku: You gain a bonus of +1k1 on Sincerity (Deceit) rolls.
Tengoku: You gain a bonus of +2k0 on Earth Ring Rolls made to resist the Shadowlands Taint.
Toshigoku: When making a Move Action to get into range to attack an opponent, the distance of your move is increased by 5 feet. (This costs 8 instead of 5.)
Yomi: Select one School Skill. You gain a bonus of +1k0 on all Skill Rolls made using that Skill. (This costs 7 points instead of 5.)
Yume-do: You can recover all expended Void Points with only four hours of rest, rather than the normal full night of eight hours of rest.
You embrace virtue in your every thought and action.