Although the society of Rokugan embraces traditionalism and for the most part eschews all change, some degree of social evolution is inevitable. For those spirits returned through Oblivion’s Gate, these changes can seem profound and extremely confusing. You are out of touch with modern conventions and styles.
You find the presence of others uncomfortable, so much so that is immediately obvious to those around you. Your preference for solitude causes you to behave in a manner that might best be described as rude.
You have no taste for or interest in material things, and this minimalist attitude has impacted how others view you.
Your eyesight is exceptionally poor, whether as a result of some medical condition or even from a missing eye.
Kharma is a powerful force, and sometimes it is a destructive one as well. There is something unpleasant in store for you, and you may have no idea what it is until it is far too late. 
Somewhere, someone is madly in love with you, and will go to any lengths to sabotage your romantic interests, even politically arranged marriages, in order to ensure that you remain available, for them.
You have a birthmark of some sort that appears on a visible portion of your body. Others regard it as a clear mark of bad fortune (which in Rokugan, it is), and give you a very wide berth.
One of your eyes is discolored. People avoid looking you in the eyes at all costs, and some believe your very presence invites evil spirits.
You are allergic to a common substance, something you come into contact with regularly, such as silk, cotton, or sushi. Its presence breaks you out in a very uncomfortable rash, which in turn makes others react poorly to your presence.
At some point in your future, you will fail an extremely important decision in a spectacularly disastrous fashion. 
Someone somewhere in another Clan hates you, and wishes to see you dead. You have no idea who they are or why they hate you, but you will very soon.
You possess a spiritual weakness that makes you extremely susceptible to the Shadowlands Taint. 
You are cursed to betray the one you love the most, just as the first Yogo was cursed by Fu Leng himself.
You suffer from a chronic medical condition that constantly renders you weak and susceptible to both illness and injury. 
You have been promised to another, or perhaps are already married, and neither of you are at all pleased with the situation. Your spouse despises you, but he or she at least has the decorum to manage your estate properly… for the most part. Your mutual dislike, however, can result in tremendous difficulty with even simple domestic or bureaucratic tasks. 
Someone out there knows of some dark secret of yours, or some horrible indiscretion you committed in a moment of weakness. What's worse, they intend to make you pay for it.The person blackmailing you will contact you periodically and require certain things of you. You must weigh these actions against the potential disgrace if your secret is discovered, and act accordingly.
For whatever reason, your family is completely disgusted with you and your actions. You have not been cast out and made ronin, but you are no longer welcome in your own household. 
You possess no natural eyesight whatsoever save for a slight ability to determine light and dark. 
You have a notoriously short temper and are likely to answer anything you perceive as a threat with steel.
You are psychologically incapable of telling a lie, perhaps because it has been so thoroughly drilled into your nature by your honorable family.
You, or perhaps your entire line, were at some point denounced by an order of monks, an act that can bring shame to even the least pious samurai. 
There is some activity in which you are hopelessly compelled to partake. It is a ritual that is so ingrained in your behavior that it requires a feat of will to forsake it, even in dire circumstances. This may be something illicit and addictive, such as sake or gambling, or it may be as innocuous as visiting every major temple you pass.
Chikushudo: You suffer a penalty of -1k1 to all Animal Handling rolls.
Gaki-do: The hungry dead crave your life essence above all others. All gaki and other hungry dead will attack you before any other available target, no matter the cost.
Maigo no Musha: Your existence thwarts destiny in some manner. Any roll you make against a spirit of any kind suffers a penalty of -1k1.
Meido: The ennui of the Realm of Waiting fills your soul. When unoccupied by physical activity or social interaction, you tend to lapse into a trance=like state that causes you to suffer a penalty of -1k0 to all Perception-based rolls.
Sakkaku: Trickster spirits plague you, and at least once a month you are the victim of some elaborate cruel prank by some malicious spirit.
Tengoku: The Celestial Heavens reject you as unclean. While within a temple devoted to the Heavens (any Fortune, the Kami, the Elemental Dragons, or the Sun or Moon), the TNs of all your rolls is increased by +10.
Toshigoku: At the sight of a wounded opponent, you are overcome with bloodlust and must succeed at a Willpower Trait Roll (TN 15) or immediately attack the wounded party.
Yomi: You may not possess any Advantage or abilities that specifically reference ancestral links (Inheritance, for example).
Yume-do: You are plagued with horrific nightmares, making sleep difficult. You require 10 hours of sleep to regain Void Points, rather than the normal 8.
There is a destiny of tremendous significance in store for you, and sadly it is not an illustrious one. Before your death, you will usher tremendous darkness into the world in some way. Perhaps you will allow family secrets to fall into the hands of the enemy, or perhaps you will allow the Great Kaiu Wall to fall to the Shadowlands. Destiny protects those for whom it has great plans, even if they do not desire it. 
You possess some horrific secret that could lead not only to your ruination, but perhaps others in your family as well. It may be something terrible you have learned about your family that you alone know (if a venerated ancestor was secretly a dishonorable buffoon), or something you personally have done (you may be a member of the Kolat or Gozoku). If your secret is exposed, you may be required to commit seppuku or possibly even be executed. 







Someone who is largely incapable of defending himself or herself requires you to look after them. This may be an elderly relative, a naive spouse, or a small child. 
You have been dishonored so spectacularly that your name has been removed from your family's records, and most within the family act as if you were dead. However, the Clan has granted you the opportunity to was away your dishonor if you perish in battle. This custom, which started with the Lion Clan, is known as the Deathseeker tradition. 
You have experienced a dramatic revelation that has shattered your faith in Rokugani theology. Perhaps you believe that the Fortunes have no interest in mankind, or perhaps you have come to believe that the Tao of Shinsei holds nothing but empty promises. If your disbelief were made public knowledge, you would be shunned by all properly pious individuals everywhere, and any membership you possess in temples or monastic orders would be instantly revoked. Your lack of piety makes you uncomfortable around shugenja and monks.
Something about your appearance causes others to respond to you with concern and caution. You are not necessarily unattractive, merely disturbing in some way. 
Something has happened to cause you to question your training, so much so that it interferes with your ability to perform properly. 
You are possessed by some goal, and will sacrifice almost anything to accomplish it, even your honor. Family, friends, material possessions, and even Bushido mean nothing compared to the potential completion of this goal, whatever it may be.
The kami of one element favor you, but so much so that their voices sometimes overpower your will and cause your invocations to achieve results other than what you intended.
The touch of divine insight has twisted your mind and soul, driving you to strange and violent acts
You possess a rare and poorly understood condition that causes you to experience seizures from time to time, consisting of a trance-like state, rigid muscle spasms, and frothing at the mouth. These are brought on by high stress or flashing lights, such as fireworks displays. 
You are completely fascinated by some subject, and will go to great lengths to learn more about it or to experience it in new ways. Typical subjects of a samurai's fascination include music, horses, poetry, and history. This fascination badly impedes your judgement, and you will take even dishonorable actions to learn more, which could end in absolute disgrace if your actions are discovered.
Try though you might adhere to the code of bushido, one tenet in particular is imply foreign to you, and you have no concept of how to exemplify it through your actions.
You have been forced into early retirement by entering a monastery, perhaps due to political reasons or because of some public disgrace. 
You have difficulty concentrating, even when focusing your attention on an opponent. 
Either due to your lineage or your parents' fascination with another culture, you possess a name that is clearly not of Rokugani origin. Although there is no honor loss for such a thing, others regard you questionably as a result.
Material wealth is more important to you than anything else, even though samurai are not meant to be sullied by commercial interests. 
Your trust is given easily and you place tremendous faith in those whom you trust, unfortunately making it very simple for others to take advantage of your naive nature. 
One of your ancestors has chosen to bestow personal attention on you, constantly offering you advice and making demands. Perhaps the ancestor merely wishes you to live up to the ideals of your Clan and family, or perhaps he has some unfinished task or duty which he wishes you to complete. You must show all due deference and respect to your ancestor, and do your best to live up to his (or her) expectations. If you fail to do so, your ancestor's disapproval will bring bad fortune upon you
In the resolution of a dispute between Clans, it is not uncommon for hostages to be exchanged as "guests" of one another's Clan's for a specified amount of time. This ensures that the treaty in question is not broken. Although you are treated respectfully and as a guest in the lands of another Clan, you are not permitted to leave without escort and, should war break out between your Clan and your hosts, your life will be forfeit.
You adhere closely to the code of Bushido, perhaps too closely, and you have a hopelessly naive view of the world and hos things work. You have impossible standards that not even the most heroic individual could hope to meet, much less you. 
You are well known among some circles, but not in the manner you might wish. Rather than being known for your valor and your courage, you are known for being ruthless, cruel, and dangerous. This reputation may not be deserved, but it is widespread enough that it no longer matters if it is true. 
Your primary interest is in yourself and things that you care about. The plight of others simply does not interest you, and you find it difficult to pretend otherwise.
You are obsessed with outperforming another individual in order to prove that you deserve all the things he has, things you perceive as superior to your own. 
One of your legs is withered or perhaps even near-useless, either due to a birth defect, a crippling injury, or a ravaging disease. 
Physical pleasure is a weakness of yours, and you spend considerable time pursuing it.
The madness of Lord Moon, Onnotangu, lingers in your soul, driving you to fits of madness despite your increased understanding of the universe.
You shared a bond of true love with someone once, and have since lost it. This need not be romantic love, as familial or brotherly love lost is equally tragic. You tend to suffer bouts of melancholy when reminded of your lost love.
You ability to focus in the face of pain is less than that of others.
One of your limbs is missing, either through catastrophic injury or due to an unfortunate defect of your birth.
There is a fundamental spiritual imbalance present in your soul that no one can explain or rectify, but it has a dramatic impact on your place within the universe, and harmony is a state virtually unknown to you.
There is someone to whom you are indebted or for whom you must fulfill some significant duty. The nature of this debt can vary considerably, but when it comes due, nothing else matters. You must honor it, even if leads to your ruination.
The point of many fine things simply escapes you. Poetry, art, music… it all seems meaningless to you.
You possess a grossly inflated view of your own prowess, and are often incapable of recognizing when a situation is beyond your ability to handle.
Some wounds will not heal, no matter how often they are treated or by what means.
You possess an irrational fear that you cannot overcome, no matter how much you struggle to convince yourself that there is no reason behind it.
You cannot resist the temptation to spread rumors and gossip, no matter how ridiculous or outlandish they might seem.
The Fortune of Romantic Love has forsaken you utterly, and others find your company unpleasant as a result. 
The Fortune of Strength finds you offensive to his divine essence, and has denied you his domain.
The Fortune of Wealth finds you unpleasant, and as a result all your mercantile interests come to very little. 
The Fortune of Honest Work finds you a distrustful soul, and others can instinctively sense the aura of mistrust surrounding you. 
The Fortune of Wisdom has denied you his blessings, and you find yourself none the wiser for it. 
The Fortune of Happiness has denied you his blessings, and you are poorer for it. 
The Fortune of Longevity has turned his back on you. 
You have felt the touch of darkness, and it has not left you unscathed. You possess the Shadowlands Taint, a condition that makes you hopelessly spiritually lost in the eyes of virtually the entire Empire, and which essentially is incurable.
You are noticeably smaller than average for a denizen of the Emerald Empire.
You have slipped from your position within the Celestial Order, and your place in society reflects that.
Human life is precious to you, so much so that you have difficulty executing the basic duty of the samurai caste: to kill. If you do kill another you are wracked with guilt.
You have earned an enemy, one who will stop at nothing to see you defeated or even killed.
You have been touched by the essence of the Void, and it has forever damaged your mind.
True love in Rokugan can be a wonderful experience, but more often than not it is a disaster, for it is rare for samurai to be allowed to marry for love.
Fortune favors the mortal man… just not in your case.
You have a significant weakness of some sort, either physical or mental, that is difficult to overcome under ideal circumstances.
The spirits of a particular element have a vehement dislike of you, and when invoked to smite you, they gleefully and enthusiastically comply. This may be the result of a shugenja's curse, an offense you offered to the Fortunes, or a variety of other spiritual causes.